[Music]
twelve great ways to lose weight if you
don't have time for the gym a lot of us
desperately want to take care of our
body and get in shape but it's hard to
do that when you barely have time to
sleep let alone go to the gym believe it
or not it's way easier than it seems you
just have to give up certain habits and
replace them with healthy alternatives
so let's see what can help you lose
weight with minimal effort but before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on notifications so
that you'll always be the first to see
all our new videos number twelve
swap canned vegetables for frozen ones
if you're a fan of canned vegetables you
might want to change a preference a bit
for the sake of your diet plan you see
the added sugar and preservatives in
canned vegetables remove a lot of their
vitamin content then you just end up
with a not so healthy product that only
makes you gain weight replace canned
vegetables with frozen ones and you'll
see the difference frozen veggies are a
lot healthier because they actually
retain all their nutrition and don't
contain any additives just what you need
number eleven snack on dried fruit and
nuts instead of candy if you have a
sweet tooth you know better than anyone
the struggle of keeping to a diet you
just can't stop thinking about dessert
and sugary snacks but for all the
tempting chocolates and candy that will
easily allow you to satisfy your
cravings and still lose weight just
replace them with fresh or dried fruit
and nuts this way you're not taking in
excess sugar and fat but you still get
some sweet stuff of course this doesn't
mean you can chow down on the whole bag
of nuts in one sitting know your limits
and do everything in moderation and
you'll see big changes in your weight
and appearance number ten eat fruits
with pits instead of seeds every healthy
diet must contain both fruits and
vegetables but some fruits will help you
on your weight loss journey a little
more than others and that's the ones
that have the pips
peaches avocados and plums all help
reduce cholesterol levels so make them
your first choice if you're trying to
get fit just don't forget the diet
ologists suggest having fruit only in
the first half of the day they say it's
even better to eat fruit for breakfast
first thing in the morning because it
strengthens your immune system and keeps
infections at bay some nutritionists
also suggest eating fruit every morning
on an empty stomach along with a glass
of water so try it and see what works
for you
number 9 skip on the elevator and take
the stairs dieting is extremely
important for weight loss but it can't
do all the work on its own you've got to
combine it with regular exercise this is
the key to having a great body both
inside and out if you have no time for
the gym don't worry just start taking
the stairs
it burns extra calories and provides
your legs and bum with a nice workout
this doesn't mean you have to climb them
to the 15th floor or anything just skip
on the elevator whenever possible or
reasonable within a month you'll like
what you see both on the scale and in
the mirror
[Music]
number eight grab a hula-hoop instead of
a bag of chips as soon as we get home
from a long day at the office we're so
tired that we just want to grab some
chips or popcorn and chill out in front
of the TV but when you snap while
watching TV you don't pay attention to
how much you eat and you almost always
eat too much there's nothing wrong with
watching a movie or your favorite shows
but you can do it in a healthier way
simply replace eating with exercising
whenever you're watching TV grabbing a
hula-hoop would certainly add some fun
to watching the evening news number
seven replace high-calorie desserts we
already talked about replacing your
candy with dried fruits but what about
the most tempting food of them all
desserts well there are also healthy
alternatives to high-calorie desserts
that you should consider switching to if
you want to slim down go for fruit salad
or a frozen yogurt based dessert it'll
be hard at first but it will get easier
with time and become a habit and all
those excess pounds you lose within just
a few months will give you even more
motivation to never go back to your old
sugary ways number 6 say no to fatty
sour cream I know another delicious food
that seems impossible to live without
but if you want to be healthy and lose
weight you've got to give up the sour
cream the main problem is that it's way
too high in fat
[Music]
change it up with some natural Greek
yogurt it helps those extra pounds
disappear in no time at all and contains
iodine which is essential for healthy
metabolism Greek yogurt also has vitamin
b12 and calcium in it they help build
strong muscles and have a great effect
on your blood cells a way better
alternative to sour cream
number five choose the right coffee if
you're a true coffee lover you probably
already know exactly what type of coffee
is perfect for you but if you want to
lose weight it might be time to change
things up you don't have to give up
coffee completely just be aware of how
many calories your favorite drink has to
cut down on hundreds of extra calories
you might want to hold off on the cream
and sugar and try to drink it black
again it sounds gross at first but you
can get used to it with time number 4
socialize at the gym I know I know you
don't have time to go to the gym but if
you have time to get together with
friends or coworkers in a bar or cafe
then you have time to try this one out
organize your get-togethers in the gym
maybe your friends will even be game for
regular 30-minute meetups a couple times
a week
strengthen numbers right you'd be
surprised how much time you actually
have for exercise if you simply take
action and make the time stop waiting
for opportunities to appear in your life
create them yourself
number three have a light meal at home
before going out to eat you consume
about 1,000 calories every time you go
to a restaurant that's pretty much half
your daily limit just within one sitting
but if you have some non fatty broth or
a salad with a light dressing before
going out you can easily reduce that
amount by twenty to thirty percent just
try it at least once and you'll notice
that you've had only a couple slices of
pizza instead of the whole pie and if
you do this regularly you'll find
yourself losing weight faster than you
think
not to mention you'll save money number
two try aromatherapy we're not talking
about the real deal here but rather a
sort of food aromatherapy
you see it's been long known that
different smells have an effect on your
appetite well the smell of bananas pears
and apples for instance can reduce your
appetite and get rid of sweet cravings
that makes our third diet hack for all
of the sweet tooth's out there if you
want another cookie swap it for a pair
or simply take in its aroma that'll do
the trick
[Music]
number one have a light soup instead of
a heavy meal your journey to a slim
figure should begin with thinking about
your daily menu and how it can be
improved if you start having lean meats
or vegetable based soups as your main
course instead of something heavy you'll
easily drop a few pounds in no time
light meals contain much fewer calories
and don't leave you with that heavy
feeling of being so full that you can't
even look at food so don't forget about
this important switch before you begin
your diet plan what habit changes have
ever helped you lose unwanted pounds
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to share this video with
all your busy friends so that they'll
know some easy tricks to weight loss to
stay on the bright side of life and
we'll see you soon
[Music]